Well hello mate, that's my best Australian.
I'm sitting here in the Amazon console, we're going to do a VPC security demo,
and looking at the initial setup of a VPC for Wired Brain.
We're getting used to this.
So we're going to use the wizard and we're going to
set up public private subnets.
We don't have a data center or we would pick hardware VPN access.
We've just got Amazon.
So public/private subnets, select.
Now we get a CIDR block and 10.
0.
0/16, so up to 65, 000 nodes we're covered, but is that too many?
Remember that's the growth potential for the public and private subnet.
Do I think I'm going to ever have 251 nodes?
If I sell a lot of coffee, sure.
What about 251 application servers, database servers?
I probably could change that and say I'm going to make that a bit smaller.
So when I'm looking at security,
I might want to ensure that I don't have too many addresses available,
just in case there's an address that's available that can be coerced and used.
Now availability zones, we're going to start in the southeast,
of course we're eventually going to want to failover between availability zones.
The VPC name.
Now how do my systems on my private subnet communicate
with the outside world for updates?
I can define a NAT gateway,
but I don't have an elastic IP allocation as of yet
because I've not set that up.
I think we're going to start off with a NAT gateway instance anyways
and if I select that option then I could decide on the size of it and
the key pair that I was going to use.
Now I don't have a key pair defined at this point, so I probably should do that.
So let's go over to Services, up to EC2 and let's define a key pair.
So we'll create a key pair, this is going to be wired brain Australia.
Download it and we're good to go.
So now I can add in my key pair.
Now let's look at the end point.
This defines access to an S3 bucket.
This is currently the only VPC access endpoint that I can define
right now and I want it for my public subnet.
In the future people are going to be able to upload content
dealing with their coffees that they make.
So we want to get that set up.
Now we could also define our policy and use the policy creation tool to
set up a policy that says for this particular bucket,
this is the policy.
In this case the default is full access for any user and service.
We'll leave that alone for now,
but you can see that you'd probably want to go and edit
that once you started having uploads.
DNS host names, yes.
Hardware tenancy, I'm going to leave it as shared for now.
Let's create a VPC.
So our VPC has successfully been created, let's click OK and it will show up.
There's my Wired Brain VPC, tenancy of default,
network ACL, we've got DHCP options automatically set,
we have a route table.
Let's take a look at our route table.
So if we highlight the route table and look at the routes,
we can see that there is definitely local access and
there's my elastic network interface,
let's go up to EC2 and there's my instance that is being defined
for my NAT and it will have an address of 13.
55.
204,
we'll see that that is where the elastic IP address has been placed in my
account and associated with the particular instance.
So let's go back to the VPC and let's look at our subnets.
So we have a number of subnets, what are these two unnamed subnets?
Well if we expand our view, we can see that these are the default subnets.
If I go over to VPCs,
I would have a default and the one that I want to work with.
When I go to Route Tables,
I've got route tables specifically for my public and private subnet.
If I go up to subnets, if I wanted to create an additional subnet,
note that this where I could start adding in
information for the availability zone.
I definitely would want these additional subnets to be in southeast-2b or 2c.
So creating additional subnets would absolutely be what I'd want to do.
If I look at internet gateways, I can see I have an internet gateway,
it's attached.
So I've got connectivity,
which means if I go back up to my subnet and select my public subnet and look
at the route table for the public subnet so we can see for my public subnet I
have local access and the internet gateway,
that kind of makes sense.
If I look at my private subnet, the route table,
I have local access and my elastic network interface is there as
well to allow my private nodes to get out.
The next option I could define, which would be optional,
would be down under Network ACLs.
If I select the ACL for Wired Brain,
you can see I have a couple of rules at the top of the list processed in order,
rule number 100, all traffic allowed.
So it would be up to me to change this and add in the rules that I wanted.
For my Subnet Associations,
associated with the public and private subnets of my virtual private cloud.
So there's a look at the security components and the
considerations you have to take care of in order to have a secure virtual private cloud.